- DONE 图宾根。只差AIR实习证明
- DONE 萨尔，AIR实习证明，推荐信，motivation打磨
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2025-02-27 Thu 14:45:13]--[2025-02-27 Thu 14:45:16] =>  00:00:03
  :END:
- 汉堡。填写学分表，写动机
- X，写动机信
- 亚琛剩下的赶紧搞完，之前的信息需要更新
- 英国那几所免费的赶紧申
-
-
- yanzike@air.tsinghua.edu.cn
-
- Institute for AI Industry Research, Tsinghua University
- research intern
-
- Building C, TusPark
-
- Professor and Director of Cyberspace Department
- dongkaikun@hit.edu.cn
- Harbin Institute of Technology
- graduation project instructor
-
- Bachelor of Engineering in Software Engineering
-
- High School Diploma
-
- As a research intern in Institute for AI Industry Research, Tsinghua University, under the guidance of Dr. Zike Yan, I focused on the intersection of Robotics, Computer Vision, and Computer Graphics, where I engaged in comprehensive literature reviews, data collection, and analysis to inform our project designs. Collaborating with peers on projects, I enhanced system components' accuracy and efficiency through advanced algorithmic development and optimization. This involved using different data representations and processing techniques, increasing reconstruction accuracy and visual quality(PSNR from 25 to 39) in the Autonomous Exploration project (submitted to RA-L 2025), and refining semantic mapping and contextual integration(increasing top-1 accuracy by 10%) in the Multi-Modal Lifelong Navigation project (preparing for submission). Currently, I am developing a system for dynamic scene graph generation, hoping to further explore innovative approaches that advance the understanding and application of robotics and vision.
-
-
-
- An impressive experience of participating in NTU’s AI program during the summer of 2023 ignited my dream of pursuing a Master’s in AI there. During completing my Bachelor’s in Software Engineering, I gained a strong foundation in mathematics, computer science, and programming, alongside AI and machine learning. Beyond school, I obtained research experience at Tsinghua AIR, working on projects like Gaussian Splatting for autonomous exploration, where using different data representations and processing techniques, increasing reconstruction accuracy(PSNR from 25 to 39) in the Autonomous Exploration project (submitted to RA-L 2025). These experiences have strengthened my desire to further explore AI’s potential and tackle real-world challenges. NTU’s AI program offers the perfect opportunity to achieve my goals, with its focus on theory and application, distinguished faculty, and diverse electives . I am excited to contribute to and grow within this prestigious institution.
- 我对AI很感兴趣，非常希望深入了解这门技术。而南洋理工这所AI方面顶尖的学校正好提供了这样无与伦比的机会。我本科软件工程，让我在数学，计算机基础，编程上基础扎实，我还选了人工智能的课程。在课外，我